== Chosen rails

The Chosen (see http://harvesthq.github.com/chosen/) javascript plugin for better form checkboxes, radios and input selects now packaged as a gem for Rails 3. All the Chosen assets are pre-packaged to be used with the Rails 3 Asset pipeline and follows those conventions.

== Use

Simply insert requirements into your manifest application.js and application.css files

application.css:

/*
 *= ...
 *= require chosen.css
*/

The css should be set up to reference the sprite image made available in the /assets/ folder in the root of the app.

application.js:

Using coffeescript assets (divided into 3 parts)

//= require jquery
//= require_tree .

//= require select-parser
//= require abstract-chosen
//= require chosen.jquery


Using javascript assets

//= require jquery
//= require_tree .
//= require chosen.jquery


== Contributing to chosen-rails
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Kristian Mandrup. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

